Kinetic Multi-Tool
One tool for all
Craft tools
Tools are a fundamental part of our world and you hate the fact that they keep breaking. Machines never seem to break and you start to wonder why. After a while, you realize why: Redstone and Power.
While tools also receive a sort of Power (the one that comes from your arm), machines receive a special, Redstone-tuned power, and that seems to be what makes them last indefinitely. You decide the best way to make Unbreakable tools is to craft them with the highest quality, Redstone-tuned materials.

The core of your tool consists of a Gold Gear (for the best speed) combined with a Diamond Chipset (for the long-lasting, Redstone-tune effect) in the integration table. After using Lasers to perfectly combine those items, you decide that their precision will be key in this process, so to hold the tool head together, you make an Iron Stick by putting iron in the assembly table. Then it's just a matter of combining everything with some Diamonds, since that makes the hardest tools (Assembly Table). 

You finally have your handle, and you’re certain this can hold any tool, and no matter how many times used, it’ll never break. However you still need to provide it with power, and for that you create the Kinetic Capsules. Now it's time to upgrade your Kinetic Multi-Tool! For that, you put 3 Iron, 2 Gold and a Tool Core in the Assembly Table to make Tool Heads. After assembling your first Upgrade, you decide that the Integration Table is best to attach it to the tool. You now have an unbreakable, RF powered tool. However the costs of this tool were too high for you to consider making another 3 of them.

You decide to tinker around with it and end up finding out how to put another upgrade on the Multi-Tool! You put 4 Gold in the Assembly Table for a Golden Stick. However, attaching this to the tool by itself would make its Redstone-tune out of sync, so you decide to add a Quartz Chipset alongside it (Integration Table). The tool seems to know when to use each Upgrade, making it effectively a 2 in 1 tool! This still doesn’t cover all the possible upgrades, so you assemble to craft a Diamond Stick (2 diamonds in assembly table). And you place it on the tool with a Gold Chipset (Integration Table). Though the tool now has 3 upgrades, you wonder if it's possible to add a fourth one.

There are no other natural materials that can be made into a Stick, but one day you come across a Power Plant, and inside it you’re surprised to find an Engineer Villager! It appears this Villager has experimented with ideas very similar to yours in the past, and happens to be carrying some Emerald Sticks! You rush home and combine the Stick with a Diamond Chipset into your tool. Finally, you have all 4 Upgrades into your tool!